md_files/Increment.md, before:

## [Increment (++) and Decrement (--) Operators (JavaScript)](Increment.html)

### Introduction 

 The increment operator increments, and the decrement operator decrements the value of a variable by one.

### Syntax 

```
result = ++variable result = --variable result = variable ++ result = variable --
```

#### Parameters 

<div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="" expanded="true">
  <dl class="authored">
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">result</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        Any variable.
      </p>
    </dd>
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">variable</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        Any variable.
      </p>
    </dd>
  </dl>
</div>

#### Remarks 

<div id="languageReferenceRemarksSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    If the operator appears before the variable, the value is modified before the expression is evaluated. If the operator appears after the variable, the value is modified after the expression is
    evaluated. In other words, given <span class="code">j = ++k;</span>, the value of <span class="code">j</span> is the original value of <span class="code">k</span> plus one; given <span class=
    "code">j = k++;</span>, the value of <span class="code">j</span> is the original value of <span class="code">k</span>, which is incremented after its value is assigned to <span class=
    "code">j</span>.
  </p>
</div>

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
</div>

#### See Also 

<div id="seeAlsoSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <h4 class="subHeading">
    Other Resources
  </h4>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util">Operator Precedence</span>
  </div>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util">Operator Summary</span>
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

title added to md files

md_files/Increment.md, after:

---
title: Increment (++) and Decrement (--) Operators (JavaScript)
isChild: false
---

## Increment (++) and Decrement (--) Operators (JavaScript) {increment_plusplus_and_decrement__operators_javascript_title}

### Introduction 

 The increment operator increments, and the decrement operator decrements the value of a variable by one.

### Syntax 

```
result = ++variable result = --variable result = variable ++ result = variable --
```

#### Parameters 

<div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="" expanded="true">
  <dl class="authored">
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">result</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        Any variable.
      </p>
    </dd>
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">variable</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        Any variable.
      </p>
    </dd>
  </dl>
</div>

#### Remarks 

<div id="languageReferenceRemarksSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    If the operator appears before the variable, the value is modified before the expression is evaluated. If the operator appears after the variable, the value is modified after the expression is
    evaluated. In other words, given <span class="code">j = ++k;</span>, the value of <span class="code">j</span> is the original value of <span class="code">k</span> plus one; given <span class=
    "code">j = k++;</span>, the value of <span class="code">j</span> is the original value of <span class="code">k</span>, which is incremented after its value is assigned to <span class=
    "code">j</span>.
  </p>
</div>

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
</div>

#### See Also 

<div id="seeAlsoSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <h4 class="subHeading">
    Other Resources
  </h4>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util">Operator Precedence</span>
  </div>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util">Operator Summary</span>
  </div>
</div>
