md_files/isFinite-Function.md, before:

## [isFinite Function (JavaScript)](isFinite-Function.html)

### Introduction 

 Determines whether a supplied number is finite.

### Syntax 

```
isFinite(number )
```

#### Remarks 

<div id="languageReferenceRemarksSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The required <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference">number</span> argument is any numeric value.
  </p>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The <b>isFinite</b> function returns <span sdata="langKeyword" value="true"><span class="keyword">true</span></span> if <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference">number</span> is any value
    other than <b>NaN</b>, negative infinity, or positive infinity. In those three cases, it returns <b>false</b>.
  </p>
</div>

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    <b>Applies To</b>: <span sdata="link"><a href="81a40cad-9354-4e38-8ad0-83fc4257baee.htm">Global Object (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </p>
</div>

#### See Also 

<div id="seeAlsoSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <h4 class="subHeading">
    Other Resources
  </h4>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util"><a href="5af4eb29-72f6-484f-93bd-04ae1261f849.htm">isNaN Function (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

title added to md files

md_files/isFinite-Function.md, after:

---
title: isFinite Function (JavaScript)
isChild: false
---

## isFinite Function (JavaScript) {isfinite_function_javascript_title}

### Introduction 

 Determines whether a supplied number is finite.

### Syntax 

```
isFinite(number )
```

#### Remarks 

<div id="languageReferenceRemarksSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The required <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference">number</span> argument is any numeric value.
  </p>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The <b>isFinite</b> function returns <span sdata="langKeyword" value="true"><span class="keyword">true</span></span> if <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference">number</span> is any value
    other than <b>NaN</b>, negative infinity, or positive infinity. In those three cases, it returns <b>false</b>.
  </p>
</div>

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    <b>Applies To</b>: <span sdata="link"><a href="81a40cad-9354-4e38-8ad0-83fc4257baee.htm">Global Object (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </p>
</div>

#### See Also 

<div id="seeAlsoSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <h4 class="subHeading">
    Other Resources
  </h4>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util"><a href="5af4eb29-72f6-484f-93bd-04ae1261f849.htm">isNaN Function (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </div>
</div>
