md_files/toLowerCase-Method.md, before:

## [toLowerCase Method (JavaScript)](toLowerCase-Method.html)

### Introduction 

 Converts all the alphabetic characters in a string to lowercase.

### Syntax 

```
strVariable .toLowerCase() "String Literal".toLowerCase()
```

#### Remarks 

<div id="languageReferenceRemarksSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The <b>toLowerCase</b> method has no effect on non-alphabetic characters.
  </p>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The following example demonstrates the effects of the <b>toLowerCase</b> method:
  </p>
  <div class="code">
    <table width="100%" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
      <tr>
        <th>
          JavaScript&nbsp;
        </th>
        <th>
          <span class="copyCode" onclick="CopyCode(this)" onkeypress="CopyCode_CheckKey(this, event)" onmouseover="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" onmouseout="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" tabindex=
          "0"><img class="copyCodeImage" name="ccImage" align="absmiddle" alt="Copy image" title="Copy image" src="../icons/copycode.gif" />Copy Code</span>
        </th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
          <pre>
 var str1 = "This is a STRING."; var str2 = str1. toLowerCase(); document.write(str2);  // Output: this is a string. 
</pre>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
</div>

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    <b>Applies To</b>: <span sdata="link"><a href="8063ecd5-5778-4e87-b985-b21420171914.htm">String Object (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </p>
</div>

#### See Also 

<div id="seeAlsoSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <h4 class="subHeading">
    Other Resources
  </h4>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util"><a href="add894d3-d14a-4dbc-a9b9-7ad1d3a2e581.htm">toLocaleLowerCase Method (String) (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </div>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util"><a href="4fd4ccc3-e794-498a-9db1-baf48fc1dda1.htm">toUpperCase Method (String) (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

title added to md files

md_files/toLowerCase-Method.md, after:

---
title: toLowerCase Method (JavaScript)
isChild: false
---

## toLowerCase Method (JavaScript) {tolowercase_method_javascript_title}

### Introduction 

 Converts all the alphabetic characters in a string to lowercase.

### Syntax 

```
strVariable .toLowerCase() "String Literal".toLowerCase()
```

#### Remarks 

<div id="languageReferenceRemarksSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The <b>toLowerCase</b> method has no effect on non-alphabetic characters.
  </p>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The following example demonstrates the effects of the <b>toLowerCase</b> method:
  </p>
  <div class="code">
    <table width="100%" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
      <tr>
        <th>
          JavaScript&nbsp;
        </th>
        <th>
          <span class="copyCode" onclick="CopyCode(this)" onkeypress="CopyCode_CheckKey(this, event)" onmouseover="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" onmouseout="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" tabindex=
          "0"><img class="copyCodeImage" name="ccImage" align="absmiddle" alt="Copy image" title="Copy image" src="../icons/copycode.gif" />Copy Code</span>
        </th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
          <pre>
 var str1 = "This is a STRING."; var str2 = str1. toLowerCase(); document.write(str2);  // Output: this is a string. 
</pre>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
</div>

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    <b>Applies To</b>: <span sdata="link"><a href="8063ecd5-5778-4e87-b985-b21420171914.htm">String Object (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </p>
</div>

#### See Also 

<div id="seeAlsoSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <h4 class="subHeading">
    Other Resources
  </h4>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util"><a href="add894d3-d14a-4dbc-a9b9-7ad1d3a2e581.htm">toLocaleLowerCase Method (String) (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </div>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util"><a href="4fd4ccc3-e794-498a-9db1-baf48fc1dda1.htm">toUpperCase Method (String) (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </div>
</div>
