md_files/toString-Method__Number.md, before:

## [toString Method (Number)](toString-Method__Number.html)

### Introduction 

 Returns a string representation of a number.

### Syntax 

```
number .toString()
```

#### Parameters 

<div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="" expanded="true">
  <dl class="authored">
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">number</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        Required. The number to represent as a string.
      </p>
    </dd>
  </dl>
</div>

#### Return Value 

<div id="returnValueSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The string representation of the number.
  </p>
</div>

#### Example 

<p xmlns:util="util">
  The following example illustrates the use of the <b>toString</b> method with a number.
</p>

```
var number = 234.567; var s = number.toString(); document.write(s.length); // Output: 7
```

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
</div>

Commit message:

title added to md files

md_files/toString-Method__Number.md, after:

---
title: toString Method (Number)
isChild: false
---

## toString Method (Number) {tostring_method_number_title}

### Introduction 

 Returns a string representation of a number.

### Syntax 

```
number .toString()
```

#### Parameters 

<div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="" expanded="true">
  <dl class="authored">
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">number</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        Required. The number to represent as a string.
      </p>
    </dd>
  </dl>
</div>

#### Return Value 

<div id="returnValueSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The string representation of the number.
  </p>
</div>

#### Example 

<p xmlns:util="util">
  The following example illustrates the use of the <b>toString</b> method with a number.
</p>

```
var number = 234.567; var s = number.toString(); document.write(s.length); // Output: 7
```

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
</div>
