md_files/with-Statement.md, before:

## [with Statement (JavaScript)](with-Statement.html)

### Introduction 

 Establishes the default object for a statement.

### Syntax 

```
with (object ) { 
	statements }
```

#### Parameters 

<div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="" expanded="true">
  <dl class="authored">
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">object</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        The new default object.
      </p>
    </dd>
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">statements</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        One or more statements for which <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference">object</span> is the default object.
      </p>
    </dd>
  </dl>
</div>

#### Remarks 

<div id="languageReferenceRemarksSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The <span sdata="langKeyword" value="with"><span class="keyword">with</span></span> statement is commonly used to shorten the amount of code that you have to write in certain situations. In the
    example that follows, notice the repeated use of Math.
  </p>
  <div class="code">
    <table width="100%" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
      <tr>
        <th>
          JavaScript&nbsp;
        </th>
        <th>
          <span class="copyCode" onclick="CopyCode(this)" onkeypress="CopyCode_CheckKey(this, event)" onmouseover="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" onmouseout="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" tabindex=
          "0"><img class="copyCodeImage" name="ccImage" align="absmiddle" alt="Copy image" title="Copy image" src="../icons/copycode.gif" />Copy Code</span>
        </th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
          <pre>
 x = Math.cos(3 * Math.PI) + Math.sin(Math.LN10)  y = Math.tan(14 * Math.E) 
</pre>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    When you use the <span sdata="langKeyword" value="with"><span class="keyword">with</span></span> statement, your code becomes shorter and easier to read:
  </p>
  <div class="code">
    <table width="100%" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
      <tr>
        <th>
          JavaScript&nbsp;
        </th>
        <th>
          <span class="copyCode" onclick="CopyCode(this)" onkeypress="CopyCode_CheckKey(this, event)" onmouseover="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" onmouseout="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" tabindex=
          "0"><img class="copyCodeImage" name="ccImage" align="absmiddle" alt="Copy image" title="Copy image" src="../icons/copycode.gif" />Copy Code</span>
        </th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
          <pre>
 with (Math){    x = cos(3 * PI) + sin (LN10)      y = tan(14 * E) } 
</pre>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
</div>

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
</div>

#### See Also 

<div id="seeAlsoSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <h4 class="subHeading">
    Other Resources
  </h4>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util"><a href="8510a00b-2f14-4700-a276-4d9a523c5112.htm">this Statement (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

title added to md files

md_files/with-Statement.md, after:

---
title: with Statement (JavaScript)
isChild: false
---

## with Statement (JavaScript) {with_statement_javascript_title}

### Introduction 

 Establishes the default object for a statement.

### Syntax 

```
with (object ) { 
	statements }
```

#### Parameters 

<div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="" expanded="true">
  <dl class="authored">
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">object</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        The new default object.
      </p>
    </dd>
    <dt>
      <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference" xmlns:util="util">statements</span>
    </dt>
    <dd>
      <p xmlns:util="util">
        One or more statements for which <span class="parameter" sdata="paramReference">object</span> is the default object.
      </p>
    </dd>
  </dl>
</div>

#### Remarks 

<div id="languageReferenceRemarksSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    The <span sdata="langKeyword" value="with"><span class="keyword">with</span></span> statement is commonly used to shorten the amount of code that you have to write in certain situations. In the
    example that follows, notice the repeated use of Math.
  </p>
  <div class="code">
    <table width="100%" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
      <tr>
        <th>
          JavaScript&nbsp;
        </th>
        <th>
          <span class="copyCode" onclick="CopyCode(this)" onkeypress="CopyCode_CheckKey(this, event)" onmouseover="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" onmouseout="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" tabindex=
          "0"><img class="copyCodeImage" name="ccImage" align="absmiddle" alt="Copy image" title="Copy image" src="../icons/copycode.gif" />Copy Code</span>
        </th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
          <pre>
 x = Math.cos(3 * Math.PI) + Math.sin(Math.LN10)  y = Math.tan(14 * Math.E) 
</pre>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
  <p xmlns:util="util">
    When you use the <span sdata="langKeyword" value="with"><span class="keyword">with</span></span> statement, your code becomes shorter and easier to read:
  </p>
  <div class="code">
    <table width="100%" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
      <tr>
        <th>
          JavaScript&nbsp;
        </th>
        <th>
          <span class="copyCode" onclick="CopyCode(this)" onkeypress="CopyCode_CheckKey(this, event)" onmouseover="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" onmouseout="ChangeCopyCodeIcon(this)" tabindex=
          "0"><img class="copyCodeImage" name="ccImage" align="absmiddle" alt="Copy image" title="Copy image" src="../icons/copycode.gif" />Copy Code</span>
        </th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
          <pre>
 with (Math){    x = cos(3 * PI) + sin (LN10)      y = tan(14 * E) } 
</pre>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
</div>

#### Requirements 

<div id="requirementsTitleSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <p xmlns:util="util"></p>
  <p>
    Supported in the following document modes: Quirks, Internet Explorer 6 standards, Internet Explorer 7 standards, Internet Explorer 8 standards, Internet Explorer 9 standards, Internet Explorer 10
    standards. Also supported in Windows Store apps. See Version Information.
  </p>
</div>

#### See Also 

<div id="seeAlsoSection" class="section" name="collapseableSection" style="">
  <h4 class="subHeading">
    Other Resources
  </h4>
  <div class="seeAlsoStyle">
    <span sdata="link" xmlns:util="util"><a href="8510a00b-2f14-4700-a276-4d9a523c5112.htm">this Statement (JavaScript)</a></span>
  </div>
</div>
